Currently for my visual rhetoric collage, I have a frame of the collage set up with the general location and styling of all the text I want on my piece. I am still waiting on my bananas to get rip so until that happens, I can't take the picture that is going to be my main centerpiece of my college. Currently, I am sourcing temporary pictures from online so I can still work in the faces that I'm going to be adding to the fruit. The only thing that I can't really work on right now is photo editing the fruit themselves since I don't have the picture yet.

So far, I've completed the art for the banana and then decided to add an apple and a strawberry as well. The plan is to have each fruit represent a different Instagram stereotype of people who over edit their pictures to set unrealistic expectations. The art I'm currently working on is the Instagram strawberry one, which I've only managed to get the line art done for, but the plan is to have that one represent the Asians who constantly have the big alien eye and pointy chin filter on. In the reality version, the strawberry will have two chins (which will be edited away in the Instagram one) and much smaller eyes while she is in the process of putting on her makeup.

I am still trying to decide on what exactly I'll be doing with the apple one and also the exact arrangement of the fruit in the picture. But I also think this will be something that I'll figure out when I get around to actually taking the picture. The only thing I'm worried right now about is having enough time to get all the fruits edited, but I think I should be okay.

Update 2:
There were a lot of elements within this draft of my collage that I hadn't initially planned on, the biggest being the flourishes to the Instagram side of the picture. Initially I had added the splatter and the border to both pictures as well as the scribble background to the text, but I felt like that made everything too decorative and the reality side wasn't "boring" enough. As I was thinking about it, I decided to try a solid block color to match the "boring" font that I chose for reality, which ended up working really well in contrasting the two images. On top of that, I thought to make things uniform, I'd also at a solid gradient to transition the scribble behind Fruits Edition to a solid block as it stretched over the reality image. This worked surprisingly well to create a great contrast between the two sides.

So far, I've been able to edit the banana and the strawberry and I'm liking the results, but I also don't think they're quite exaggerated enough? I wanted to make the difference between the two images big enough that you would be able to notice it just from glancing at the two images, but I don't think I've quite achieved that yet, so I'm planning to edit what I have later to make things more obvious that what you see in the Instagram photo is a whole lot of editing and filters.

I am also still debating on the placement of the "vs". I'm not sure if I like it  better in the center of the page or at the top,